Connect 4 Python Game
This is a simple implementation of the Connect 4 game using Python and the tkinter library. Connect 4 is a two-player game in which players take turns dropping colored discs into a grid. The goal is to be the first player to connect four discs of the same color in a row, column, or diagonal.

Prerequisites
To run this game, you need to have Python installed on your system. The code is compatible with Python 3.

How to Run the Game
Save the code provided in a file with a .py extension, for example, connect4.py

Open a terminal or command prompt and navigate to the directory where the file is saved.

Run the game by executing the following command:

Copy code
python connect4.py
The game window will open, and you can start playing Connect 4.

Game Rules
The game is played on a 6x7 grid.

Two players take turns dropping their colored discs into the grid. Player 1 uses the color red, and Player 2 uses the color yellow.

To make a move, click on the column where you want to drop your disc.

The disc will fall to the lowest empty position in the selected column.

The objective is to connect four discs of the same color horizontally, vertically, or diagonally.

The game ends when one player connects four discs or there are no more empty positions in the grid (a tie).

After the game ends, a message will be displayed, indicating the winner or a tie.

Game Settings
The game provides the following settings:

Difficulty: You can choose between three difficulty levels: Easy, Medium, and Hard. The computer player's strategy will vary depending on the selected difficulty level.  "known issue on hard where the computer auto wins."

Computer Player: You can enable or disable the computer player. When enabled, the computer will play as Player 2.

Replay: After a game ends, you can click the "Replay" button to start a new game with the same settings.

Game Statistics
The game keeps track of the following statistics:

Player 1 Wins: The number of games won by Player 1.

Player 2 Wins: The number of games won by Player 2 (including the computer player).

Total Games: The total number of games played.

Player 1 Games: The number of games played by Player 1.

Player 2 Games: The number of games played by Player 2.

Ties: The number of tied games.

The statistics are displayed in the "Statistics" tab of the game window.

Enjoy playing Connect 4!
Feel free to modify the code and add your own features to enhance the game. Have fun playing Connect 4!


Features I thought of adding but was to lazy:
1.)making it circles like the OG game
2.)color selector to make it cool
3.)maybe a undo move?
4.)player naming might also be a cool add on
